Add Hugo rendered project handbook (#113)
OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee: docs/incubation/retired.md

---
weight: 500
---
# Retiring a project

> Project which are not longer maintained and aren't recommended for active use anymore are moved to the Retired stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects which are no longer maintained and aren't recommended for active use anymore are moved to the Retired stage.
```
